W-20207988-update-sap-connector-reference-guide-sis (#3073)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sap/5.9/modules/ROOT/pages/sap-connector-reference.adoc

The resources of the source system wait at the target system and ensure that they deliver the message or data with ACKD. The data is consistent and reliable for communication. If the target system is not available, the source system resources wait until the target system is available. This can lead to the processes of the source system going into Sleep/RFC/CPIC mode at the target systems, which blocks these resources. Use sRFC for communication between systems, and communication between an SAP web application server and an SAP GUI.

[NOTE]
====

> The sRFC operation requires authorization for the `RFC_METADATA_GET` function module. If authorization is not granted, you may encounter the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Synchronous Remote Function Call* operation requires authorization for the `RFC_METADATA_GET` function module. If authorization is not granted, you may encounter this error:
```

Reviewer: Want to keep the operation name consistent. Also our style guide wants us to stop using "following" and use "this" or "these" instead
